Updated documentation for minor and patch version release (#1682)
PrestaShop/docs: project/release/minor-release-lifecycle.md

 - [Report this as a bug on GitHub](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues) (read [how to report issues]({{< relref "/8/contribute/contribute-reporting-issues" >}}))
 - Submit a bug fix by creating a [pull request](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/compare) (read the [contribution guidelines]({{< relref "/8/contribute/contribution-guidelines/" >}}))

Once all major bugs have been fixed, the [Release canddiate phase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_release_life_cycle#Release_candidate) can be launched.

## Release Candidate

When Beta period ends, we consider that all the remaining regressions for this release are registered in the Kanban. So the aim is clear: fix them all, then ship.

Once all regressions have been fixed, project members deliver a Release Candidate Build using the `.x` branch codebase. This will be the Release Candidate 1 (also known as RC1).

> This Build is extensively re-tested by the QA and provided to everyone at the same time. Once released, the timer starts. This phase can take up two a few weeks. During the next few weeks, we will continue testing and exploring the Build, trying to find anything that would not have been detected earlier, and the community should do the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Build is extensively re-tested by the Software Testers from the Quality Council and provided to everyone at the same time. Once released, the timer starts. This phase can take up two a few weeks. During the next few weeks, we will continue testing and exploring the Build, trying to find anything that would not have been detected earlier, and the community should do the same.
```
